root = true

; Unix-style newlines with a newline ending every file
[*]
end_of_line = lf
indent_size = 4
indent_style = space
insert_final_newline = true
trim_trailing_whitespace = true
insert_final_newline = true
charset = utf-8

; Ruby
[*.rb]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2

; HTML
[*.html]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2

; Slim
[*.slim]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2

; Vue
[*.vue]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2

; Ace
[*.ace]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2

; ERB
[*.erb]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2

; SCSS
[*.scss]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2

; Golang
[*.go]
indent_style = tab
indent_size = 8

; YAML
[*.{yaml,yml}]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2

; Markdown
[*.md]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2

; Gherkin
[*.feature]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2

; Dockerfile
[Dockerfile*]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2

; Lua
[*.lua]
indent_style = tab
indent_size = 4

; Javascript
[*.js]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2

; TypeScript
[*.ts]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2

; Jade
[*.jade]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2

; Vue
[*.vue]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2

; Python
[*.py]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 4

; Makefile
[{Makefile,*.mk}]
indent_style = tab

; Terraform
[*.tf]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2
